[Bug] Fix models config in destination schema (#9)
fivetran/dbt_zuora_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_zuora_source v0.2.0
[PR #9](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zuora_source/pull/9) includes the following update:

## 🚨 Breaking Change 🚨
- Updated model configuration in `dbt_project.yml` to correctly reflect project configuration name as `zuora_source`. 

## 🔧 Under The Hood 🔩

> - Updated seed files in `integration_tests` to match `dbt_zuora` for their `v0.2.0` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated seed files in `integration_tests` to match those in `dbt_zuora` for the `v0.2.0` release.
```
